Timmy (ajjdunebajsjd@eemail.com)
Hewo, me luove carz vey muci,cwould you meak a snouo glwab wiht a kar .Alsoo mu favoorite coluor iz ororonge.
 Twankz vury mach.

Timmy (ajjdunebajsjd@eemail.com)
😭😭😭😭 Ma gloube bwoke.

Timmys Mom (timmys_mom@help.me)
Hi, this is Timmy's mom and it appears that my son has been bothering you and wasting my money on StUpiD F**** *** * *** ***SNOWY *** * GLOBES. anyways...

I am deeply sorry for any inconvienience that my son may have caused. I looked trough your shop and noticed that you produce great work. 🥰 I would really love if you could produce another globe for little Timmy.

Sincerly Timmy's Mom 😘

Nightmare (GGamer_fart69GG@freeblockcraftservers.com)
Hello Broster, I am a Blockcraft MeTuber with over 10 Million Stalkers and I would really apprechiate if you could prepare a #gamerpro Snow Globe 3001. Like just... uhm.. like, just do something that I would really like, just surprise me. Just like when I lost all my money at the Casino #yolo or when I had my first ever shower. My favorite Color is Pink (of course because its the color of my Blockcraft skin), so I would really apprechiate if you could use this color somewhere. I usually dont go outside, but I hope that I can get to your shop either in 2 or 3 days. And I hope you dont have any grass near your shop bc I am doing the dont touch any grass challange #coool!
See ya!

Mel (mel@idiotn.di)
Hi, I saw your shop online and thought I definetly had to come visit your store. You are definetly doing some great work. So, to get to my order. I havent exactly looked what you have as options, but I recently travelled with my friends Gabe and Nora and would really want something that lets me think back to the great time we had. If it is possible, could you also put use some blue for the base or sth like that? Thanks for everything in advance, happy to get the product! 

Frank (frank_wood@inlook.com)
Uhm, hello... This is kinda akward - but I would want to order one of your uhm, globes for my girlf- uhm just friend I mean, I uuh think she really likes Paris, so maybe you have something like France themed or sth like that. Uhm, I am also almost certain that she would like a wodden base for the globe. T- thanks for doing that 🙏 maybe she will lo- uhm like me more with that gift.

Vanessa (Dialoge)
Hey, Frank sent me. 
I swear if he got me another gift - 
Did he tell you anything?
Yes - whyyy, he should stop. I have a boyfriend 
No - uhm. Okay, why am I here then?

Schnitzelfactory (schnitzelfactory@next.door)
Hello, I hope you have a schnitzel-tastic day! 
We are reaching out to you from the "Schnitzel-Factory" next to your Shop, we would like to order a snow globe. We would really apprechiate if you could have like something Italy themed as the globe decor, because everybody knows that schnitzels are from italy (just kidding, they are made in Austria of course)
We will send a employee to pick up the globe in the next few days.
Thank you.

Schnitzelman (dialoge)
Hi, I am here to pick up the globe, I was sent here by the "Schnitzel Factory " because they always send me for the dumb shit. After my wife left me and took the kids, there's not much more to live for... Why am I even talking to you, I should go see a therapist but I am broke.. I don't even have money for food. Sometimes I just chew on my costume because I am that hungry..

Botrizz Robert (robert_botrizz@bot.com)
This is definitely not an automated message managed by a bot.
🚨 URGENT NEWS! 🚨 You have been randomly selected by the Internet to receive a FREE UNICORN (shipping not included, unicorn may be invisible). Click now to claim before the unicorn explodes!!! 🦄
P.S. This is definitely not malware.

Botrizz Robert (robert_botrizz@bot.com)
This is definetly not an automated message managed by a bot.
Hello Mum/Dad I lost my wallet and my phone got stolen. I had to get a credit of 100000$ to get a phone and a new number. Please send me the Money as soon as possible I need that so bad. Love, your Son/Daughter.

Botrizz Robert (robert_botrizz@bot.com)
This is definitely not an automated message managed by a bot.
We regret to inform you that your cloud storage is 999% full. Your files will be transferred to the moon unless you pay a small fee of 3,000 moon credits. Don’t lose your precious cat memes. The moon has no Wi-Fi.

Botrizz Robert (robert_botrizz@bot.com)
This is definetly not an automated message managed by a bot.
Hey Best Friend, remember me? We met once in that dream you had when you were five. I need 437 dollars immediately to buy a submarine sandwich (and also a submarine). I promise to pay you back in loyalty.
Please make me a empty snowglobe with just an average black base - just as empty as I am. 